What's the matter? Go to advertising. Why are you still here?
Return to advertising first. Go to advertising.
If you keep calling, you will get a reply. Two hosts.
There is a person who has been passed down by many people. Let’s go to advertising first.
Teachers, let’s go underground first, and then we both will come back.
Master, how can it be nice for us to do well?
that is. I listen to letters, and suddenly they sound so good.
Yes, yes. Thank you two teachers for their hard work.
Good teachers, thank you for your hard work. These two teachers came down,
I wanted to mention it to the two teachers before I mentioned it to you. You are welcome.
We both need your opinion
It's just you, isn't it?
But you don’t have to kiss me all the time
I'm too lazy to let you go to the TV station
But who do you want to marry you Huashan?
You are the owner of a machine
I heard a Su Wai Wai speak before
Eat enough to stay alive
I'm heartbroken
I'm satisfied with the kindness I just showed
If we work together
holding the right person